\section{Background}

Climate change has been a topic of great interest in recent years: first with the Hyogo Framework for Action, which was subsequently replaced by the Sendai Framework for Action and finally the Paris Agreement and the Sustainable Development Goals. All of these reports, manuals and agreements have been hosted and developed through the United Nations conferences. %cite the Sendai framework and the Hyogo framework documents. The general global consensus is that the effects of climate change worsen most natural disasters. The attention the topic receives is due to its severe impact on the environment and people, as well as the threat it poses to economic stability %cite the DRR report.\\ 

The effects of climate change are hard to quantify in general and especially hard to quantify financially. The onerous task of calculating estimates as to how much investment is needed to combat climate change and then where to invest it is under constant debate. There are several global funds with overlapping agendas that compete for money from the private and public investors and who have overly complex systems that countries in need have to engage with to receive funds %cite fund paper. The difficulties are in separating climate change effects from general political and institutional mismanagement. In short, deciding who is responsible for climate change is yet a further barrier to solving this international issue. Despite this, some known effects are generally attributed to climate change. Heatwaves lead to reduced productivity and disruptions in the workplace, 
while cyclones, hurricanes and typhoons cause severe devastation and leave millions of people in absolute poverty.  The effects of most disasters are more severe in lower-income countries as these adverse effects are longer lasting, and the relief and aid available to people affected by disasters in these areas are minimal %cite the GAR. 

Climate trends should be forcing us to evaluate our current agricultural and industrial practices. These practices are increasing the long-term costs of climate change. Reports around the world are highlighting trends in increasing temperatures, increasing volatility of natural water supplies and increasing numbers of natural disasters %cite GAR (find out which chapter). If we do not do something immediately, climate change could push 100 million more people into poverty by 2030, is the warning given by the World Bank. Droughts lead to serious water scarcity issues and diminish the world's food source, increasing the already complicated task of feeding the world population, which forecasts predict to reach 10 billion by 2050 \parencite{WPP2019}.\\

Some parties argue that climate change will have shocking consequences \parencite{Stern2007} while others only see climate change as a minor irritation \parencite{Mendelsohn2000}. However, there is no disputing that the twenty-first century will witness the impact of two irreversible movements: population growth and climate change. Within the broader real-world impacts of climate change, water scarcity is one of the more pressing issues in the Sub-Sarahan region %cite four billion people. With an increase in population growth in Africa, and in turn, increasing rates of urbanization, comes an upturn in demand for water. Increasingly uncertain rainfall patterns around the globe exacerbate the damage to human society, through increased levels of poverty, and to the environment, where droughts necessitate deforestation of historically protected regions %cite uncharted waters.\\ 