Model:

	Research Methods:

	The main aim of the model will be to provide some estimated answer as to the economic impacts of climate change on South Africa. 
	This paper will focus water scarcity as droughts and floods are the major disaster risks that the Sub-Sarahan region faces %cite CRED.\
	The impacts and exposure to droughts are often underestimated as can be seen in the impacts of the recent drought that South Africa has experienced 
	and the nature of droughts in general. %cite uncharted waters
	One of the main contributing components to a drought is the rainfall patterns within a region. Places like South Africa rely on a rainy season
	in order to meet agricultural needs for food and animal feed. Volatile rainfall patterns in combination with inappropriate water 
	management systems can lead to worrying levels of exposure to the negative impacts of a drought.
	There have been a number of studies that have tried to use spatial analysis to capture the rainfall patterns in specific areas and globally and
	and mapped out when droughts and particularly wet periods have passsed. Most of these studies have used the Dellerware data to perform this analysis.
	This paper will not try to recreate these spatial models, but will rather accept thier results and try to link these to economic immpacts.
	The main factor that this paper will focus on as an indicator of the economic performance of a country, 
	being South Africa in this study, will be Gross Domestic Produce (GDP).\\
	The model will analyse the correlations between different indicators of rainfall patterns, such as precipitation, to the overall GDP of South Africa
	over time. The model will have some callibrating periods where there have been known periods of droughts in South Africa.
	The data for this study will come from the Dellerware data set, the Demographic and Health Surveys Program run by USAID. the EARTHSTAT database,
	the World Bank World Development Indicators dataset and the United Nations World Population Prospects 2019 data set.\\
	After establishing any correllations between drought indicators and economic indicators, the model will look to forecast these economic costs at least until 
	2030, based on the United Nations 2030 Agenda, under a number of different economic and climate scenarios. This scenario forecasting will require further
	research into the appropriate combinations of factors that could be used to create a future scenario.

	Possible Problems:
	The possibility of insufficient data should not be an issue in the approach the model will try to take as all of the suggested datasets have recrods
	going back for many years. However, the data may be somewhat inappropriate and issues around the granularity of the data may still be encountered.
	This is to say, there may not be enough data to cover the rainfall in only one specific country as the data could be captured on a country by country
	level. However, this does not seem to be the case through a preliminary viewing of the data sets. Some other issues that the model will have to take
	into account will be the interference of other factors in the analysis of correlations. Examples of these external factors, external here refers
	to being outside of a drought or other water scarcity influences, such as economic recessions. Further internal issues may be encountered while analysing
	rising temperatures and rainfall volatility as these two factors are closesly linked and seasonal. %cite uncharted waters